looking for the perfect family getaway
look no further because michelle has
this covered my bags your passport
righty let's go I'm ready to go we're
going to Jamaica oh this is a wonderful
location for the family and here's why
the beaches Oh Joe Rios Resort and Golf
Club is there this is jamaica's newest
destination for family hi I love these
because they're all-inclusive it makes
it so much easier get there and actually
enjoy your vacation so you're not having
to worry and it's been completely
redesigned this is a 30 million dollar
renovation we're talking about credible
it is incredible because now it features
four distinct villages and there's a new
Greek village as well which is pretty
interesting thing you can count on
spacious family suite so lots of room so
you're not all you know piled on top of
each other we love family but only so
what yeah we want a vacation yeah
there's a larger main pool which is
pretty cool and then there's also a
private white sand beach why is that
amazing so you go to the beach and again
you don't have to worry about crowds or
anything because it's your own okay I'm
thinking if you can't have or you don't
have the time to get to Greece this is
your next best bet right this is the way
to go and it's a larger included resort
so you know you're gonna find features
like luxurious amenities and there are
really fun and exciting activities for
everybody so everyone's gonna have
something to do whether they're together
or not okay like mom okay mom you can
get pampered at the new red Lane la this
you have vacation spa I'll go to get now
because if you're not splurging on that
in your regular life vacation is the
time they didn't get her shirt now dad's
they can enjoy unlimited golf okay so
that's a ton of fun and the kids you
know they don't want to hang out with
mom and dad all day long right so they
got their own stuff to do there's a
pirate's Island waterpark which is
really cool there's an xbox play lounge
come on one of those for adults all
right oh you know dad's gonna try to
sneak in there and then there's a
Caribbean adventure with Sesame Street
maybe for the younger kids Big Bird
getting in on the action Swilley now I
love this parents if you want to do your
own thing maybe a little couple time
there are free kids camps and they're
certified nannies there for the little
ones you don't have to that's terrific
what about the food okay the food lots
of food you're gonna get flavors from
all over the world there are six gourmet
restaurants to choose from and you don't
have to worry because there is
kid-friendly fare as well there's a new
barbecue part
you say that we'll retire back a part a
part full of barbecue you gotta go there
to figure that one out and there's
woodfired pizza as well so you know the
kids will have something to choose okay
what if you want to explore a little
easy to do beaches Ocho Rios is located
minutes away from Jamaica's most
adventurous attractions so everything
from ziplining to bobsledding climbing
Dunn's River Falls or some kind of
experience for everybody so whether
you're out there on the beach soaking up
the Sun maybe you're doing the family
activities exploring the beautiful
island of Jamaica you're gonna have lots
of memories to take home and you can
book your vacation today you just hide
the beaches calm and you can go from
there
I think the bags are packed and we are
ready to go it's myself I think we need
to get going